♪ Some people might say
my life is in a rut ♪
♪ I'm quite happy with what I got ♪
♪ People might say that I
should strive for more, but ♪
♪ I'm so happy I can't see the point ♪
♪ Something's happening here today ♪
♪ A show of strength
with your boy's brigade ♪
♪ And I'm so happy and you're so kind ♪
♪ You want more money,
of course I don't mind ♪
♪ To buy nuclear textbooks
for atomic crimes ♪
♪ And the public gets
what the public wants ♪
♪ But I want nothing this society's got ♪
♪ I'm going underground ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ Well, if the brass bands
play and feet start to pound ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ Well, let the boys all sing ♪
♪ And let the boys all
shout for tomorrow ♪
♪ Some people might get
some pleasure out of hate ♪
♪ Me, I've enough already on my plate ♪
♪ People might need
some tension to relax ♪
♪ Me, I'm too busy
dodging between the flak ♪
♪ What you see is what you get ♪
♪ You've made your bed,
you better lie in it ♪
♪ You choose your leaders
and place your trust ♪
♪ As their lies wash you down
and their promises rust ♪
♪ You'll see kidney machines
replaced by rockets and guns ♪
♪ And the public wants
what the public gets ♪
♪ But I don't get what
this society wants ♪
♪ I'm going underground ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ Well, if the brass bands
play and feet start to pound ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ So let the boys all sing ♪
♪ And let the boys all
shout for tomorrow ♪
♪ La-la-la-la ♪
♪ Oh, la-la-la-la ♪
♪ We talk and we talk
until my head explodes ♪
♪ I turn on the news and my body froze ♪
♪ This braying sheep on my TV screen ♪
♪ Make this boy shout,
make this boy scream ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ I'm going underground ♪
♪ La-la-la-la ♪
♪ Oh, la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Braying sheep on my TV screen ♪
♪ Make this boy shout,
make this boy scream ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ Well, if the brass bands
play and feet start to pound ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ Well, let the boys all sing
and let the boys all shout ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ Well, if the brass bands play ♪
♪ And feet go pound-pound-pound ♪
♪ Going underground ♪
♪ So let the boys all sing ♪
♪ And let the boys all
shout for tomorrow ♪